add gui support to Autofish (#583)
DFHack/scripts: docs/gui/autofish.rst

gui/autofish
============

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Auto-manage fishing labors to control your stock of fish.
    :tags: fort auto labors

This is the configuration interface for the `autofish` module. You can configure

> the maximum and minimum fish thresholds, and whether or not the script should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the number of fish you'd like to keep in stock, and whether or not the script should
```
